this is strictly in 60-seconds your
woman it guides all the gossip from the
weekend straightly went to Hollywood
this week and all thirteen couples
certainly felt the precious had become a
star on the Walk of Fame
there were blockbuster smashes your
frame was better your footwork was
better the plaintiff walking you're
starting to win me over actually I'm
always such a pleasure to watch and
box-office bombs the whole thing I'm
afraid would have been better behind the
screen oh look yourself into a mangle
and you lost concentration these kind of
fizzled out hot it was not
Denise and James with a critics choice
for a second week running it was Jerry
Hansen and Michael and Natalie who found
themselves in the dreaded dance-off
despite an emotional performance it was
time for mrs. Robinson to exit stage
left 12 couples remain with Halloween
just around the corner who will trick
and who will treat so judges find out
next Saturday 6:30 BBC one